Joshua T. Vogelstein received a B.S degree from the Department of Biomedical Engineering (BME) at Washington University in St. Louis, MO in 2002, a M.S. degree from the Department of Applied Mathematics & Statistics (AMS) at Johns Hopkins University (JHU) in Baltimore, MD in 2009, and a Ph.D. degree from the Department of Neuroscience at JHU in 2009. He was a Postdoctoral Fellow in AMS@JHU from 2009 until 2011, at which time he was appointed an Assistant Research Scientist, and became a member of the Institute for Data Intensive Science and Engineering. He spent 2 years at Information Initiative at Duke, before coming home to his current appointment as Assistant Professor in BME@JHU, and core faculty in both the Institute for Computational Medicine and the Center for Imaging Science. Dr. Vogelstein is passionate about teaching; he is the Director of Undergraduate Studies in Computational Medicine, created the minor, and is in the process of creating two new massively online open courses on neuroscience and big data. He married his kindergarten sweetheart in the summer of 2014.  His research interests primarily include developing and applying computational statistics to solve neurosciences most pressing questions, often requiring advances in theory, computation, algorithms, and statistics. Dr. Vogelstein's work has led to over 40 peer-reviewed publications, many in top-tier scientific journals such as Science, Nature Methods, Science Translational Medicine, and Cell, and in computational journals such as IEEE PAMI, NIPS, Annals of Applied Statistics, and SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications. To democratize these emerging areas of neuorscience (that is, enable anyone, regardless of background or funding, to participate in the scientific process), Dr. Vogelstein co-founded and co-directs Neuromata (http://neurodata.io; mother of the Open Connectome Project).  This facility publicly shares over 50 terabytes of cutting-edge neurodata, including 10 massive neuroimages and thousands of neurographs.
